How this Character Trait works:

* Each day, roll d100
    * 0 - 95: No obsession
    * 96 - 100: You are obsessed with something on this chart
        * Roll 1d6 to determine how many days you are obsessed
        * Roll d100 and pick an item from this chart
* Chart effects that have a saving throw listed:
    * Roll saving throw as described to gain a positive outcome. "Positive" is determined by common sense, or, failing that, by the DM
    * Each day that the obsession would still be in effect, the saving throw must be re-rolled
* At the end of 1d6 days **plus** a long rest, the obsession is gone
    * e.g. if you roll 1: After one day, take a long rest, the obsession is gone

---
You awake feeling the itchy, scratchy, discomfort of your garments pressing into you. obsessed with: continually adjusting clothing or accessories. Once every hour, roll DC10 wisdom saving throw to make the itchies go away. This obsession causes no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream in which you have trudged through the filthy sludgy sewers of insanity. rats. vermin. sewage. odors. sickness. disease. you cannot get it off of you. obsessed with: being overly concerned about germs or contamination. This obsession does not go away with a saving throw. During encounters, roll DC10 saving throws on each new creature encountered to determine if you think they have cooties. On a failed saving throw, you are stricken with the condition “frightened” until you successfully perform a DC15 saving throw.
You awake from a dream where a matronly figure has been berating you for your hair style. Are you really wearing your hair like that?. obsessed with: experimenting with new hairstyles or hair colors. This obsession causes no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream where everything is in disarray. your room – a disaster. your laboratory – an incredible mess. your backpack – utterly disorganized. you organize and tidy and awake. obsessed with: obsessively cleaning, tidying, or organizing a space or storage container (e.g. your backpack). Every room entered, trinkets collected, or group of people met – everything must be tidied before you can even think about doing anything else. At the start of each turn, roll DC10 wisdom saving throw to feel like you’ve tidied enough.
You awake from a dream where everything you collect fits perfectly into the box designed for it. whatever it was – marbles, stones, keys, coins – the box held exactly 2d12/2 items – no more and no fewer. obsessed with: needing to have a certain number of items in a collection. roll 2d12 and divide by 2 to find the number you are compelled to organize by.
You awake from a dream where you have just finished arranging everything in an incredibly perfect way. be it by shape, by color, or by size, You awake. obsessed with: organizing items by color, shape, or size. Every room entered, trinkets collected, or group of people met – everything must be arranged by color, shape, or size, before you can even think about doing anything else. Roll 1d3 to pick one of: color, shape, size.
You awake from a dream wherein you are conducting an experiment to distill herbal remedies: explore the healing properties of herbs and other natural substances, testing different methods of distillation and extraction to create potent remedies that can ease the suffering of the sick and infirm. obsessed with: gathering the ingredients for a health potion. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession. If an obsession item is collected, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you are crafting a homily to be delivered at the next mass: pray for divine guidance and inspiration as you carefully craft a homily that will inspire the faithful to deepen their faith and commitment to the church. obsessed with: doing random acts of kindness for strangers. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession. If an obsession act is performed, gain advantage on all rolls for the next hour.
You awake from a dream wherein you are designing a new crucifix for the chapel: take up the task of designing a new crucifix for the chapel, seeking to create a work of art that will inspire awe and reverence in all who behold it. obsessed with: obtaining, creating, or imbuing a patronly artifact with magic. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession. If an obsession task is performed, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you are in a room full of people, but no one is acknowledging you or responding to you, leaving you feeling invisible and alone. obsessed with: loneliness… so lonely… stricken with the condition “exhaustion, level 1” until you can take a long rest.
You awake from a dream wherein you are lost in a maze that seems to have no end, feeling frustration and hopelessness as you try to find your way out, only to turn a corner and discover another dead end. obsessed with: you are stricken with mazeophobia and must do everything it takes to prevent getting lost. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by preparing maps, obsessive attachment to your party members, etc. when entering a new area, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw or be stricken with condition “frightened” for 1d6 hours.
You awake from a dream wherein you are naked or inappropriately dressed in public, feeling carefree and delighted as people tell you how happy you appear. obsessed with: being as naked as possible. Each day, roll dc15 saving throw or throw off your constrictive garments and be free! This includes armor. backpacks, belts, and shoes are ok though!.
You awake from a dream wherein you are trapped in a small, cramped space, such as a coffin or an elevator, feeling claustrophobic and panicked as you try to escape. obsessed with: are struck with the condition “frightened” when you find yourself in any enclosed space smaller than 20X20 feet. roll dc10 wisdom saving throw to be able to move through the space until the obsession goes away after 1d6 days.
You awake from a dream wherein you attended a noble ball in a beautiful gallery and wore the most amazing gown of silver and gold. obsessed with: designing and sewing a custom dress. Spend all your waking thoughts collecting materials for a dress. After each item collected, roll DC10 wisdom saving throw to feel like you’ve collected enough.
You awake from a dream wherein you become certain you are lost in a desert or other harsh environment, struggling to survive as you search for water and shelter. obsessed with: thirst. so thirsty. need to drink. need to drink all the time. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by drinking at least 2 liters of water. After drinking, roll DC10 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you have a desire to write a hymn of praise to the patron: spend hours meditating on the nature of the divine and the wondrous mysteries of the faith, seeking inspiration from the patron’s spirit to create a work that will uplift the souls of the faithful. obsessed with: repeating a specific phrase or word over and over again. before any activity, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you hear the call of the great old one, commanding that you desecrate the holy temple of our enemies: our enemies have a holy temple where they pray to their false gods. I demand that you infiltrate the temple and defile it in my name. smash their altars, burn their sacred texts, and leave nothing but rubble in their holy place. obsessed with: defiling a temple.
You awake from a dream wherein you hear the call of the great old one, commanding that you infect the minds of the weak and feeble: the minds of the weak and feeble are easy to infect with my power. My followers must seek out those who are susceptible to my influence, and use their powers of persuasion to turn them to my cause. obsessed with: finding and corrupting weak minded minions or using charming people to do so. you gain a special charm person capability. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by attempting to charmany encountered NPC humanoid; see: Charm Person spell. If successful, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. a charmed creature behaves as under a Charm Person spell. if any request is made of the creature they may make a DC15 wisdom saving throw to be freed from this charm. charm ends after 1d6 days. There is no limit to the number of creatures that may be placed under this charm – they are all freed at the end of 1d6 days.
You awake from a dream wherein you hear the call of the great old one, commanding that you plunder the nearby village and bring me their treasures: the village nearby holds many valuable possessions that would serve me well. I demand that you raid the village and bring me everything of value. spare no one, show no mercy, and bring back the treasures to me. obsessed with: raiding a village.
You awake from a dream wherein you hear the call of the great old one, commanding that you summon my ancient kin to this realm: my ancient kin, who are beyond human understanding, must be summoned to this world. Only then will the true power of my kingdom be unlocked. obsessed with: seeking out or summoning a powerful demon or devil. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by gathering spells, materials, to cast a spell of summoning, or the aid of a magic user with the skills to summon a demon or devil or other creature from The Abyss. If an obsession item is collected or the aid of a wizard enlisted, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. if a demon is summoned, the obsession goes away. but this demon may or may not be friendly.
You awake from a dream wherein you hear the call of the great old one, commanding that you summon my powerful beasts to this realm: powerful beasts must be summoned to this world to wreak havoc across the realm. Only then will the true power of my kingdom be unlocked. obsessed with: seeking out or summoning a powerful beast or monster. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by gathering spells, materials, to cast a summon monster spell, or the aid of a magic user with the skills to summon a beast or monster. If an obsession item is collected or the aid of a wizard enlisted, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. If a monster is summoned, the obsession goes away. but the monster may or may not be friendly.
You awake from a dream wherein you hear the call of the great old one, possessing you, making you stronger, able to mold and manipulate the minds of others. it is the old one’s command that you infect the minds of others to do your bidding. not an obsession so much as an inner power, you are able to dominate others at will. Once per short rest, you can cast Dominate Person. the dominated person remains subjugated until freed, until you choose another person or humanoid to dominate or until 1d6 days have passed. See: Dominate Person spell for all other spell aspects
You awake from a dream wherein you meet a beloved celebrity in a surreal, dreamlike setting, feeling starstruck and amazed as you chat with them about life. obsessed with: local celebrity of last town visited. satisfy this obsession by talking about, thinking about, drawing pictures of, daydreaming about, and writing letters to, the last “celebrity” you encountered. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you mistook the word “dragon” for the word “tea” and the word “meatball” for the word “rabbit”. you can’t seem to get any words straight anymore!. obsessed with: making up new words or phrases This obsession causes no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you suddenly feel your teeth loosen and fall out one by one, the panic rising as you try to hold onto them and wonder what it all means. obsessed with: need to find someone to fix my (perfectly fine) teeth. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by inquiring about or searching for a dentist. If an obsession inquiry is made (or you’ve found a dentist!), roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness. . Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream wherein you suddenly plummet from a tall cliff, feeling the sensation of falling and the fear of what awaits you at the bottom, only to wake up before impact. obsessed with: you are struck with the condition “frightened” when you find yourself at any height above the 10 feet. top of a cliff? fear. 2nd story apartment? fear. roll wisdom saving throw: DC5 for 10 - 15 feet; DC10 for 20 - 40 feet; DC15 for above 40 feet.
You awake from a dream wherein you try to run as fast as you can, but feeling as though you’re moving in slow motion, as if you’re wading through water, leaving you helpless and vulnerable. obsessed with: stricken with exhaustion level 3 condition until you find anything that will make you faster. If an obsession item is collected, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to make the exhaustion go away.
You awake from a dream wherein you try to scream or call for help, but finding that your voice is completely silent or too weak to be heard, leaving you frustrated and desperate. obsessed with: psychogenic aphonia phobia (afraid you will lose your voice). roll dc20 wisdom saving throw each time you are called upon to speak, or you must whisper at a nearly inaudible level. If a saving throw is made, this obsession goes away, otherwise it lasts for 1d6 days.
You awake from a dream wherein you were a foreigner, merely visiting this land. you spoke a bit funny. obsessed with: talking in different accents. This obsession causes no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake from a dream with the whispers of spirits in your ear. the spirit seems to want you to be more colorful. obsessed with: wearing quirky, brightly colored, or interesting pieces of clothing. This obsession causes no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You awake with the notion that animals are your friends! all animals. ALL animals. you can talk to them!. obsessed with: talking to animals as if they can understand you. This includes safe, friendly, animals, and somewhat more dangerous ones, including monsters that are of the “beast” type. Roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to realize that this beast is not your friend.
You awake with the whispers of madness in your ear, begging you to perform its tasks. but you wake up so tired. you need someone to help. someone… extraordinary. obsessed with: creating a golem or construct to do your bidding. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession by collecting material, spells, or information about golem creation. If an obsession item is collected, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You wake up with a pressing need to acquire a rare sharp deadly thing. obsessed with: acquiring a legendary weapon. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession. If an obsession item is collected, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
You wake up with a pressing need to acquire a rare shiny magic thing. obsessed with: collecting rare magical artifacts. Before any other activity is started, you must attempt to satisfy this obsession. If an obsession item is collected, roll DC15 wisdom saving throw to see if the obsession has gone away. Other than that, there is no impediment beyond role playing quirkiness.
